and but please the tide should not be less than the tide should not divide but pay attention to this but it is much more than
all that all that everything else is the noise
and to say just one little thing
everything else is noise the tide should not
divide into and I don't know who and I don't know
how much everything else is noise okay
what he is telling you with this what he
is saying with this is
everything else is noise
or rather what matters to us is my cause
everything else is noise everything else do not
listen to it do you remember when he
said that information about Xavier is not to
listen to it well
here the same
everyone else is the noise